# NearestNeighborKdTree
Advance Algorithm

Project 1: k-Nearest Neighbor SearchNearest neighbor search is an important task which arises in different areas - pattern recognition, recommendation systems, DNA sequencing and even game development.Usually, this task is formulated as follows. We have N points in some space (S dataset). We have to work with queries, which have dataset S and some point X as their parameters (X does not have to belong to S). Typical queries are "find k nearest neighbors of X" or "find all points in S at given distance R from X or closer". Depending on problem, we may have: a) different number of dimensions - from one to thousands, b) different metric type (Euclidean, 1-norm, ...), c) different dataset size. Hence, for different problems different algorithms are feasible.The key point of the problem formulation is that dataset S is considered fixed. X may vary from request to request, but S remains unchanged. It allows to preprocess dataset and build data structure which accelerates processing. All strategies which promise better than O(N) processing time rely on some kind of preprocessing. Different preprocessing strategies have different features (see http://www.alglib.net/other/nearestneighbors.php).Problem: Solve the k-nearest neighbors search by means of kd-trees.Specifications:Use the kd tree implementation from SciPy (KDTree class in the scipy.spatial.kdtree package). This class can perform k-nearest neighbor queries on multi-dimensional datasets, including finding all dataset points within some distance from the point of interest.Present experimental results and discuss the asymptotic efficiency of the algorithm.
